What?
Where's the detonator?
Where is it?
Guys, let's clear the way.
Take it.
Wait!
Everyone.
The square thing attached to the door.
It's connected to a thread.
That's a bomb.
-Oh, my God!
-Don't move!
Be careful!
Come on!
Do something about it!
-Come on!
-Hurry!
-Do something!
Is that really a bomb?
-You're a cadet. Do something!
-I don't know how.
-Come on! Hurry!
-But I…
-Please. Do something!
-How can I…
-Do something!
-There's a bomb!
Cadet!
-Cadet!
-Yes?
What do we do?
Wait.
Come down here!
Don't move.
What?
I'll shoot you.
I'll really shoot you.
Hurry up.
-Hurry up. Please.
-Hey.
Don't move.
-It's open!
-Sir!
-Sir.
-Yes?
Lead the students and go out first.
Hurry!
-Let's go!
-Hurry!
Hurry! Go!
Everyone stop!
Everyone stop.
Comrade Kang.
Don't move.
If anyone moves…
What is this?
You want us all to die together?
Damn it.
What the hell.
What if the hostages all died?
Bombs exploded. I don't think
only 13 people died.
Only 13 must die.
Exactly 13.
We hear more and more heartbreaking news
about those who still don't know
if their children are alive.
You lunatic!
You're lying
about my daughter's safety, aren't you?
If you even lay a finger on my daughter…
Since when did we
only do as agreed with the South?
Besides, the South's goal is
to win the election,
not to save the hostages' lives.
There's no way my father would…
Dead or alive…
We're in the same boat now.
BONUS
Translated by [Wayne Ryu]